prepare the changelog for the 6.0.0 release (#1278)
pulumi/actions: CHANGELOG.md

## HEAD (Unreleased)

---

## 6.0.0 (2024-09-09)

> - feat: (breaking change) Update the `refresh` option to runcommands with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- feat: (breaking change) Update the `refresh` option to run commands with the
```

Author: Thanks!

> ## 6.0.0 (2024-09-09)

Reviewer 2: Needs updated date.

Author: Done, thanks!
